[RC1]: Correcting the document title (#3117)
cntt-n/CNTT: doc/ref_cert/RC1/index.rst

=========================================================
Reference Conformance for RA1 based Implementations (RC1)
=========================================================

> This is the OpenStack based reference conformance (RC1)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is the reference conformance (RC1) specifications for RA1-based implementations.
```
